League session details (#254)
srobo/website: _events/sr2021/league-2.md

---
title: Competition League Session 2

> date: 2021-02-06 12:00:00 Europe/London

Reviewer: oh, small thing: If we're committing to noon for all of these, should we update that too now?

---
title: Competition League Session 2
date: 2021-02-06 12:00:00 Europe/London
layout: event
type: competition

> location: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwW5Oz30gbE">Student Robotics' YouTube Channel</a>

Reviewer 2: Didn't know this worked, great idea!

---

This is the second league round of this year's competition and we'll get to see what lessons teams have learnt from their first time in the arena! Our teams will work hard to push their virtual robots to the limit, competing against each other, and evolving their strategies to gain the upper hand.

> Code submission will be due at 8pm GMT on Friday 5th: [Submit your code](https://studentrobotics.org/code-submitter/)

Reviewer 2: Wonder if we can reword this to be for a target audience of the general public, while still useful to teams that find the  the page?

```suggestion
Teams will have to submit their code to us by 8pm GMT on Friday 5th using our [code submitter](https://studentrobotics.org/code-submitter/)
```

> Our live-stream will start at noon GMT: [Watch live](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwW5Oz30gbE)

Reviewer 2: I've been trying to reword this to make it more casual (this was the best I got)
```suggestion
We'll be kicking things off at noon GMT, be sure to [watch us live](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwW5Oz30gbE)!
```
but then I was wondering if we need this sentence at all? Both the time and the stream (embedded) will already be on the page?
